What to Watch
This program is designed to be used through the movie interface file. The user can choose from seven options (plus quit) in the main function of the movie interface file. The first option calls the get_title_from_id() method from in the Movie class. The second calls the check_topic() method from the Movie class. The third calls the average_rating() method from the Rating class. The fourth calls the get_ratings_for_movie() method from the Rating class. The fifth calls the ratings_written() method from the Rating class. The sixth calls the popular_movies() or the top_not_seen() method from the Rating class. The seventh calls the euc() method from the Rating class.

Movie Class
The movie class contains instances that have a movie id number, a movie title, and a boolean value for several genres. There are two methods for this class other than dunder. The first, get_title_from_id(), looks up and returns the title of the movie based on the movie id number. The second, check_topic(), returns a list of the genres that the movie has a positive boolean for.

Rating Class
The rating class has instances with a timestamp, a movie id, a user id, and a rating. This class has five non dunder methods. The get_ratings_for_movie method creates a list of ratings for a given movie. The average_rating method calculates the average rating of a given movie. The ratings_written method uses the user id as the input instead of the movie id, and makes a list of ratings that the user has written. The movies_seen method creates a list of movies seen by a specific user, and is also based on a user id for the input. The popular_movies method can generate a list of top movies without an input from the user. The top_not_seen method excludes movies an individual user has rated from a recommended list of top movies. The euc method uses the ratings of a similar user to recommend movies to a given user.
